Add documentation for xk6-disruptor (#891)
grafana/k6-docs: src/data/markdown/docs/40 xk6-disruptor/02 API/02 PodDisruptor/01 Constructor.md

---
title: 'Constructor'
excerpt: 'xk6-disruptor: PodDisruptor constructor'
---

The `PodDisruptor()` constructor creates a new instance of a [PodDisruptor](/javascript-api/xk6-disruptor/api/poddisruptor) class.

| Parameter | Description |
| --------- | ----------- |
| [selector](#selector) | criteria for selecting the target pods |
| [options](#options) | options for controlling the behavior of the disruptor |

> 

Author: Added

### Selector

The `selector` defines the criteria a pod must satisfy in order to be a valid target:

| Attribute | Description |
| --------- | ----------- |
| namespace | namespace the selector will look for pods |

> | select | [attributes](#pod-attributes) that a pod must match for being selected |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| select | [attributes](#pod-attributes) that a pod must match to be selected |
```

> | exclude | [attributes](#pod-attributes) that if a pod matches, will be excluded (even if it matches the select attributes) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| exclude | [attributes](#pod-attributes) that exclude a pod (even if it matches the select attributes) |
```

> The following attributes can be used for selecting or excluding pods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the following attributes to select or exclude pods:
```

### Pod attributes

| Attribute | Description |
| --------- | ----------- |

> | labels    | map with the labels to be matched for selection/exclusion |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| labels    | map with the labels to be matched for selection or exclusion |
```

### Options

The `options` control the creation and behavior of the `PodDisruptor`:

| Attribute | Description |
| --------- | ----------- |

> | injectTimeout | maximum time for waiting the disruptor to be ready in the target pods, in seconds (default 30s). Zero value forces default. Negative values force no waiting. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| injectTimeout | maximum time to wait for the disruptor to be ready in the target pods, in seconds (default 30s). Zero value forces default. Negative values force no waiting. |
```
